Momo's December updates (#836)
akeneo/pim-helpcenter: content/updates/2020-12/1-Convert-variant-products-into-simple-products.md

---
pim_announcement_audience:
- CE
- EE
---

# Convert variant products into simple products

> ::: meta-data type="New" features="Governance, Productivity" available="late December" link-to-doc="../articles/enrich-products-variants.html#convert-a-variant-product-to-a-simple-one"

Reviewer: I would change the documentation link: https://help.akeneo.com/pim/serenity/articles/enrich-products-variants.html#convert-a-variant-product-to-a-simple-one

Author: It's the same link, Momo. 😉

> To introduce greater flexibility when dealing with variant products, you can now easily transform them into simple products directly from the PIM interface. What a big help whenever you need to refine your family variants! Or, in the case, some of your product ranges shrink to one product instead of multiple.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To offer greater flexibility when dealing with variant products, you can now easily transform them into simple products directly from the PIM interface. What a big help whenever you need to refine your family variants! Or, in case some of your product ranges shrink to one product instead of multiples.
```

> On a side note, this new feature will also help you change the family variants of your product model more efficiently. A real timer saver indeed. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On a side note, this new feature will also help you change the family variants of your product model more efficiently. A real time saver indeed. 
```
